Well you (A)heard the ballad of Jesse James how he robbed that Glendale train
But that don't compare to the do-or-dare of the (E)famous Barrow Gang
They're (A)crooks and killers the (A7)papers say and (D)society drags ‘em (D7)down
Calls ‘em (A)low-life scum no better than mud and they (E)run ‘em right out of (D)town.

And I said (A)hey pretty honey of mine ride along with me
We'll shoot the night just to stay a-right
Till we (E)climb up the hanging tree
So when you (A)leave your house shut the (A7)garden gate
Tell your (D)mother and your father not to (D7)stay up late
We’re gonna (A)fight for our freedom right (E)down to the day we die.

Well it was gas-filling stations convenience stores to those home-spun county banks
We took 'em all both great and small steering clear of the cell block tanks
You can feel the freedom of the open road blowing smoke rings out of your hair
But you'll never find a feeling that's more alive than throwing lead through the gravelly air.

And I said hey pretty honey of mine what are you gonna do
‘Cause there's a gas-can man with a rifle in his hand
Gonna blow you to Waterloo
She said I told you twice and I'll say it again
I’m not a cooped-up chicken or a huckleberry hen.
Gonna fight for my freedom right down to the day we die.

It was roundabout the spring of '34 we were skirting state border lines
Oklahoma, Mississippi, Creole Country, Kansas City, Dallas, and the Great Divide
But in the gun-light's gleam I could see in her eyes as she stood in the barn door-way
Saying Clyde I know it's a coal-black road gonna send you to Judgment Day.

And I said hey pretty honey of mine tell me and tell me true
If you could take it all back would you walk the right track
And obey them boys in blue
She said I walk a road paved with regret
But the Law don't forgive and it’ll never forget
We’re gonna fight for our freedom right down to the day we die.

I know we're not that smart or desperate love the law it always wins
We've been shot before but we can't ignore that death is the wages of sin
Some day we'll ride to the end of the trail and they'll bury us side by side
For your ma there'll be grief, for the law relief, but it's death for Bonnie and Clyde.

And I said hey pretty honey of mine life can lend you a bitter taste
When the whole world's view of the gutter and you has got you feeling like a human waste
We’re not the people that they think see
And we've payed our debts to society.
We're gonna fight for our freedom right down to the day we die.