Rocky Road to Dublin

While (Bm) in the merry month of June from me home I started,
Left the girls of Tuam (A) Nearly broken hearted,
(Bm) Saluted father dear, kissed me darling mother,
Drank a pint of beer, me (A) grief and tears to smother,
Then (Bm) off to reap the (A) corn, (Bm) leave where I was (A) born,
(Bm) Cut a stout black (A) thorn to banish ghosts and goblins;
(Bm) Bought a pair of (A) brogues (Bm) rattling o'er the (A) bogs
And (Bm) fright'ning all the (A) dogs on the rocky road to Dublin.

[Chorus] (Bm) One, two, (A) three four, (Bm) five,
Hunt the Hare and turn her down the rocky road
(A) all the way to Dublin, (Bm) Whack fol (A) la de (Bm) rah !

In Mullingar that night I rested limbs so weary,
Started by daylight next morning blithe and early,
Took a drop of pure to keep me heart from sinking;
Thats a Paddy's cure whenever he's on drinking.
See the lassies smile, laughing all the while
At me curious style, 'twould set your heart a bubblin'
Asked me was I hired, wages I required,
I was almost tired of the rocky road to Dublin.
[Chorus]
In Dublin next arrived, I thought it such a pity
To be soon deprived a view of that fine city.
So then I took a stroll, all among the quality;
Me bundle it was stole, all in a neat locality.
Something crossed me mind, when I looked behind,
No bundle could I find upon me stick a wobblin'
Enquiring for the rogue, they said me Connaught brogue
Wasn't much in vogue on the rocky road to Dublin.
[Chorus]
From there I got away, me spirits never falling,
Landed on the quay, just as the ship was sailing.
The Captain at me roared, said that no room had he;
When I jumped aboard, a cabin found for Paddy.
Down among the pigs, played some hearty rigs,
Danced some hearty jigs, the water round me bubbling;
When off Holyhead I wished meself was dead,
Or better for instead on the rocky road to Dublin.
[Chorus]
Well the boys of Liverpool, when we safely landed,
Called meself a fool, I could no longer stand it.
Blood began to boil, temper I was losing;
Poor old Erin's Isle they began abusing.
"Hurrah me soul" says I, me Shillelagh I let fly.
Some Galway boys were nigh and saw I was a hobble in,
With a load "hurray !" joined in the affray.
We quitely cleared the way for the rocky road to Dublin.
[Chorus]


